Branch events (#30)
AY2122S1-CS2103T-T11-1/tp: docs/DeveloperGuide.md

![UndoSequenceDiagram](images/UndoSequenceDiagram.png)

> <div m**arkdown="span" class="alert alert-info">:information_source: **Note:** The lifeline for `UndoCommand` should end at the destroy marker (X) but due to a limitation of PlantUML, the lifeline reaches the end of diagram.

Reviewer: Is there supposed to be double star here?

```suggestion
<div markdown="span" class="alert alert-info">:information_source: **Note:** The lifeline for `UndoCommand` should end at the destroy marker (X) but due to a limitation of PlantUML, the lifeline reaches the end of diagram.
```
